LINK TO FINISHED CODEPEN: https://codepen.io/johnyoun28/pen/NWNKBqw?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that gives meaning to the content.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Used for the structure of a website.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute modifies an element and is added to an HTML start tag.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tags are used for the main title of a website. Normally, an h1 tag should only be used once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    IMG and anchor tags.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    the <header> and </header>(to close) elements.

    7. What is an id? 
    An ID is a unique attribute for a single HTML element with the specified ID and can only be used to identify 1 element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    On specific elements that you know you won't change anymore. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Not more than once on the same ID

    10. What is a class? 
    The class selector selects elements with the same class attribute.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add the class attribute to any element with the class attribute.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Using the <a> target attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It is to describe the imagine in words.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    With a # tag.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Divs are like a smaller version of a section. Divs are defined as a divider in a HTML document. Sections are for dividing things such as a header, footer, etc.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style the written HTML to make it look better.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID is used to identify only one element, class used can be used to identify multiple elements. You can use an ID for something you won't change or call, like the header. An example of when a class should be used is when you have multiple paragraphs and you can wrap it with class name of "content".

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a period (.), following with the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human 

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements. Useful for when you need to access elements of elements.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A keyword added to the selector, seperated with a colon.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Using the * 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* then */ at the end.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    The PWD command.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    The LS command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm <file>. Careful because this cannot be undone and will not give any warning.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Programmers can work together at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Quite often, specially if you make a big change.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, add collaborater (your TL), clone the repo with bash, create branch, then create a pull request to submit.
    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline element do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements cause a line break to occur.


    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Its positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    The box model

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?